---
layout: single
title: "About Me"
---
# About Me
I am a cognitive scientist who is passionate to investigate how people process, learn, and think from multiple asepcts. My research particularly focuses on human understanding of numbers - the field is called **numercial cognition**. Have you ever thought about your own cognitive mechanisms when you compare numbers, for example, 12 vs. 25? Though these are two simple integers, there could be "more going on in your brain" than you think! You will be able to learn a little bit about the field if you explore this web page! 
 
## What do you do when you are not in office? 
There are many things I do to keep a healthy work-life balance. I love playing tennis, going to the gym, running - anything that helps me sweat and destress! I also love travelling. Some of my favorite places are NYC, Paris, Tokyo, and Seoul. I love mega cities because there are always something new that I can find everytime I visit. I am also a foodie who loves to try new food, restaurants, and coffee shops. 

## Language Compatibility Effect in Processing Fractions
I first investigated if a language privileges its naming of a number. The study was done in the context of fractions where English names the numerator of a fraction first whereas Korean names the denominator first. 

## Does Instruction Influence Processing Reducible Fractions (e.g., 2/6)? 
Then research expanded to educational aspect: how people reason about reducible fractions (e.g., 4/6) versus irreducible fractions (e.g., 2/3). I recently extended research area to data visualization. Her research currently explores whether numerical magnitudes are recruited to understand bar graphs, and thus inform the design of bar graphs that simplify their understanding.
